We have a problem: "Act like a mission designer specialized on Multi-Robot Systems whose role is to analyze a mission description in natural language and decompose it into a goal model in the context of multi-robot systems." We are given a mission description in natural language. The mission description: "The system should deliver food from the kitchen to an inpatient room. The delivery is made on an order-by-order basis in response to kitchen delivery requests. The food can be delivered into a room table by the robot (requires a special manipulation robot skill) or the food can be fetched from the robot's tray. Fetching from the robot tray requires cooperation with the inpatient, a companion, a nurse, or another robot. Some inpatients could be unable to fetch the food from the tray, and a companion visitor or nurse could not be available at the moment of the delivery. The information about if the inpatient, a companion visitor or nurse can be able to retrieve the food from the tray can be obtained based on the inpatient record according to information about the patient and the presence of a companion into the room. This information is subject to uncertainty. The robot can carry multiple meals, in the case of a person retrieving the meal the robot should indicate which meal should be retrieved by a given inpatient. It should track when and where each meal was retrieved. The robot should alert if a wrong meal is retrieved. Dirty dishes should be retrieved from the room. As with delivery, the dish retrieve can occur unassisted, with the cooperation of two robots or with the cooperation of robots and a human. Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human. Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it."

We are asked to produce a goal model that decomposes the mission description into goals and tasks. We need to produce a tree with goals and tasks. We need to produce tables with columns for each goal and tasks. We have to produce a "Summary" table containing goals and tasks, as well as logical relationships between them.

We have definitions: A goal node: "G1, G2, ..." with text, runtime annotation, goal type (Perform, Query, Achieve) and target condition if achieve, or enquired information if query.

We have tasks with "AT" numbering. We have two types of decomposition: OR and AND. We have to include runtime annotation: use parallel (#), sequential (;) or fallback (FALLBACK(...)). For leaf nodes, use "-" as runtime annotation.

We need to produce a table for each goal with columns: Name, Title, Text, Runtime, Goal Type, Target Condition (if achieve) or Enquired Information (if query) and Relation. And a table for tasks with columns: Name, Title, Text, Relation, Location, Number of Robots.

We also need to include a summary table containing goals and tasks, with logical relationships.

We are given an example of how to produce relationships: "G2 -> G3, G4, G5 [AND/OR][(parallel) or (sequential) or FALLBACK(...)]", and "G4 -> G4.1, G4.2, G4.3, G4.4 [AND/OR][(parallel), (sequential) or FALLBACK(...)]", "G4 -> AT1, AT2 [AND/OR]". We need to produce similar relationships.

Let's analyze the mission description step by step. We have multiple aspects: delivering food, tracking retrieval, alerting wrong meal, and retrieving dirty dishes. Also, door opening, cooperation with humans or robots. Let's break it down:

We have a high-level goal: "Deliver food from the kitchen to the inpatient room" in response to a kitchen delivery request. This is a mission-level goal. We can call it "G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room". But then we have two subgoals: one is "Deliver food to table" (requires special manipulation skill) or "Fetch food from tray" (requires cooperation with inpatient, companion, nurse, or another robot). So that is a decision. So we have an OR decomposition: "Either deliver to table OR fetch from tray". But then there are additional subgoals: tracking meal retrieval, alerting wrong meal, retrieving dirty dishes, door opening, etc.

Let's decompose further:

High-level goal: "G1: Fulfill Delivery Request" - this is a perform goal (since it's performing actions to deliver food). The text: "Deliver food from kitchen to inpatient room in response to a kitchen delivery request."

Then we have two branches: "Deliver food to table" vs "Fetch food from tray". So that is an OR decomposition: "G1 -> G2: Deliver to Table" OR "G3: Fetch from Tray". But wait: The description says: "The food can be delivered into a room table by the robot (requires special manipulation robot skill) or the food can be fetched from the robot's tray. Fetching from the robot tray requires cooperation with the inpatient, a companion, a nurse, or another robot." So we have two branches.

So we'll define:
G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room (perform goal, text: "Deliver food from kitchen to inpatient room in response to delivery request", runtime annotation: maybe sequential or parallel? Possibly sequential because it's a main goal that must be fulfilled by either branch? But then it's OR decomposition because one branch is sufficient. So runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G2, G3)" maybe? But careful: The instructions: "Every goal and task must have an AND/OR decomposition. For leaf goal nodes, use '-' as runtime annotation." For non-leaf nodes, we must use either sequential, parallel, or fallback. The parent's runtime annotation is over its children. So for G1, if it's an OR decomposition, we can use FALLBACK(G2, G3) if we want to choose one alternative. But fallback is usually used to choose a plan if one fails. But here we have OR decomposition, so any alternative is acceptable. However, the instructions say: "OR decomposition: the fulfillment of one child is sufficient for the fulfillment of the parent." So we can denote that as "FALLBACK(...)" maybe. But instructions: "FALLBACK(exp1,exp2)" is binary and requires nesting for more than two alternatives. But we have two alternatives. So we can denote G1's runtime annotation as "FALLBACK(G2, G3)".

So I propose:
G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room (perform goal), runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G2, G3)" and relation: OR.

Now for G2: "Deliver Food to Table" (perform goal). Text: "Deliver food to inpatient room table using the robot's manipulation skills." Runtime annotation: Because it's a leaf goal? Actually, it might have subtasks. It might require tasks: "AT1: Navigate to inpatient room" and "AT2: Place food on table using manipulation skill". But maybe we need to check if there are additional subgoals? The description for table delivery is simpler: "The food can be delivered into a room table by the robot (requires a special manipulation robot skill)". So tasks for G2: "AT1: Navigate to inpatient room", "AT2: Deliver food to table using manipulation skill". But then what about door opening? The door opening is separate: "Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human. Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it." So door opening is a separate branch for dish retrieval. But for G2, if the door is locked, then maybe the robot must ask for help. But maybe we need a separate goal for door opening. Let's think: The mission description includes: "Dirty dishes should be retrieved from the room. As with delivery, the dish retrieve can occur unassisted, with the cooperation of two robots or with the cooperation of robots and a human. Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human. Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it."

So we have two separate aspects: food delivery and dish retrieval. So maybe we have a separate goal for dish retrieval, which could be an "Achieve goal" with target condition "Dishes are retrieved from the room", or "Perform goal" because it is an action. Let's call it "G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes" maybe. But then we must also consider door opening. So G4 might be decomposed into subgoals: "Retrieve dishes" and "Open door if required".

Let's see: The mission description: "Dirty dishes should be retrieved from the room. As with delivery, the dish retrieve can occur unassisted, with the cooperation of two robots or with the cooperation of robots and a human. Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human. Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it."

So we can break dish retrieval into two parts: one is dish retrieval itself, and the other is door opening. But also the retrieval of dishes can be done unassisted or with cooperation. So we have OR decomposition for dish retrieval: either "Retrieve dishes unassisted" or "Retrieve dishes with cooperation" (which might involve door opening if needed). But also, door opening is a separate task that might be triggered by a call from someone in the room.

Maybe we can structure it as:
G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room [OR] (FALLBACK(G2, G3))
G2: Deliver Food to Table [AND] tasks: AT1, AT2, AT3 maybe.
G3: Fetch Food from Tray [AND] tasks: AT4, AT5, possibly query: G? to check if inpatient or companion available, etc.

Then we have a separate goal for dish retrieval:
G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes [OR] maybe fallback: either "Retrieve dishes unassisted" OR "Retrieve dishes with cooperation". But then door opening might be included in one branch. Alternatively, we can have:
G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes (perform goal) with runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)" where G4.1 is "Retrieve dishes unassisted" and G4.2 is "Retrieve dishes with cooperation". And then door opening is a subgoal of G4.2 maybe.

Let's structure dish retrieval:
G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes (perform goal) with runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)" and relation: OR.
G4.1: Retrieve dishes unassisted (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Navigate to room", "Pick up dishes", etc.
G4.2: Retrieve dishes with cooperation (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Request assistance", "Open door if needed", "Retrieve dishes".

But then door opening: "Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human. Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it." So door opening is a subgoal under dish retrieval with cooperation. So maybe G4.2 can be further decomposed:
G4.2: Retrieve dishes with cooperation (perform goal) with runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G4.2a, G4.2b)" where G4.2a: "Retrieve dishes with robot cooperation" and G4.2b: "Retrieve dishes with human cooperation".
But then door opening is triggered if assistance is provided. But also, door opening might be a separate subgoal under G4.2 if the room door is closed. Actually, the description: "Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human. Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it." So door opening is not necessarily always required. It might be optional. We can represent door opening as an optional subgoal under dish retrieval cooperation branch. Let's do:
G4.2: Retrieve dishes with cooperation (perform goal) with runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G4.2a, G4.2b)" where:
- G4.2a: Retrieve dishes with robot cooperation (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Navigate to room", "Cooperate with another robot", "Retrieve dishes".
- G4.2b: Retrieve dishes with human cooperation (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Navigate to room", "Signal for human assistance", "Open door if needed", "Retrieve dishes".

But then door opening is part of G4.2b. Alternatively, we can have a separate goal for door opening that is triggered by a call from someone in the room. The description: "Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it." So door opening might be triggered as a separate event: maybe a query goal to check if door is openable. Let's see: "Opening the room door can involve cooperation with another robot or a human." So door opening is an action that might be executed as a task. But we already have tasks for door opening in G4.2b.

Now, what about meal tracking and alerting wrong meal retrieval? The description says: "The robot can carry multiple meals, in the case of a person retrieving the meal the robot should indicate which meal should be retrieved by a given inpatient. It should track when and where each meal was retrieved. The robot should alert if a wrong meal is retrieved." So that is a goal related to meal tracking and alerting. That might be a separate goal, like:
G5: Track Meal Retrieval (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Indicate meal for retrieval", "Track retrieval time and location", "Alert if wrong meal is retrieved". But it is associated with the fetch from tray scenario (G3) because it says "in the case of a person retrieving the meal". But maybe we can have G5 as a subgoal under G3. But then the description "The robot can carry multiple meals" is general. So maybe we need a separate goal: "G5: Monitor Meal Retrieval" which is associated with G3. But the description: "in the case of a person retrieving the meal the robot should indicate which meal should be retrieved by a given inpatient. It should track when and where each meal was retrieved. The robot should alert if a wrong meal is retrieved." So this is a monitoring and alerting mechanism. We can call it "G5: Manage Meal Retrieval" (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Indicate meal", "Track retrieval", "Alert if wrong meal" but then it is only applicable when the meal is fetched from tray. So we can nest it under G3 as a subgoal. So maybe G3 becomes:
G3: Fetch Food from Tray (perform goal) with runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)" where:
G3.1: Fetch food from tray with inpatient cooperation (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Navigate to inpatient room", "Signal meal retrieval", "Retrieve meal from tray"
G3.2: Fetch food from tray with robot cooperation (perform goal) with tasks: AT? "Navigate to inpatient room", "Signal meal retrieval", "Retrieve meal from tray"

But then meal tracking and alerting can be added as tasks: maybe AT? "Monitor meal retrieval" as subtask under G3. So maybe we add AT6: "Monitor meal retrieval and alert if wrong meal retrieved".

Alternatively, we can incorporate meal tracking as a separate goal that is triggered if a meal is retrieved by a person. But the description says: "The robot should track when and where each meal was retrieved. The robot should alert if a wrong meal is retrieved." So that is an additional requirement that is not necessarily a separate goal but a task under meal retrieval. But since it's a separate requirement, we can have a goal "G5: Manage Meal Retrieval" that is triggered if meal is retrieved from tray. But then the description "The robot can carry multiple meals" might require a goal for meal management. But the text "in the case of a person retrieving the meal the robot should indicate which meal should be retrieved by a given inpatient" implies that the robot must indicate which meal to retrieve. So maybe we can incorporate that into G3.

Let's restructure:

High-level goal G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room (Perform).
- Children: G2 (Deliver to Table) and G3 (Fetch from Tray) as alternatives. So runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G2, G3)".

Now G2: Deliver Food to Table (Perform).
- Tasks: AT1: Navigate to inpatient room, AT2: Deliver food to table with manipulation skill. 
- Also, maybe a query to check if door is open? But the description about door opening seems to be for dish retrieval, not food delivery. So G2 tasks: "AT1" and "AT2".

G3: Fetch Food from Tray (Perform).
- It requires cooperation with inpatient, companion, nurse, or another robot.
- It should indicate which meal should be retrieved by a given inpatient, track retrieval, and alert if wrong meal is retrieved.
- We can decompose G3 into two subgoals: G3.1: Retrieve meal from tray with inpatient cooperation, and G3.2: Retrieve meal from tray with robot cooperation. But then meal tracking and alerting should be included as tasks within these subgoals.
- So runtime annotation for G3: "FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)".
- G3.1: Fetch from tray with inpatient cooperation (Perform) -> tasks: AT3: Navigate to inpatient room, AT4: Signal meal retrieval (indicate which meal), AT5: Retrieve meal from tray, AT6: Monitor meal retrieval (track time and location, alert if wrong meal).
- G3.2: Fetch from tray with robot cooperation (Perform) -> tasks: AT7: Navigate to inpatient room, AT8: Coordinate with another robot for tray retrieval, AT9: Retrieve meal from tray, AT6: Monitor meal retrieval (maybe the same as AT6, but we already used AT6 in G3.1, but we must have unique task IDs. So maybe we assign AT10: Monitor meal retrieval for G3.2).

Now dish retrieval goal:
G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes (Perform).
- It has two alternatives: unassisted or with cooperation.
- Runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)".
- G4.1: Retrieve dishes unassisted (Perform) -> tasks: AT11: Navigate to inpatient room, AT12: Pick up dirty dishes.
- G4.2: Retrieve dishes with cooperation (Perform) -> tasks: AT13: Navigate to inpatient room, AT14: Request assistance (either robot or human), AT15: Open door if required (if door is closed), AT16: Pick up dirty dishes.
- But door opening: "Someone in the room can call a robot to pick up the dishes. In that case, that person can signal if they can open the door when the robot comes to it." So maybe door opening is a separate task in G4.2: AT15: Open door if required. And the signaling mechanism is not explicitly a goal but a task property.

Now, door opening is also mentioned in the food delivery? No, door opening is only for dish retrieval.

I think that's sufficient.

We have the following goals:
G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room (Perform) [runtime: FALLBACK(G2, G3)]
G2: Deliver Food to Table (Perform) [runtime: sequential? But it's a leaf goal? Actually, G2 is not a leaf because it has tasks. But instructions: "For each goal there must be a table with the following columns: Name, Title, Text, Runtime, Goal Type, Target Condition (if achieve) or Enquired Information (if query) and Relation". For non-leaf nodes, we need a runtime annotation that is not "-" because it's not a leaf. But for leaf nodes, use "-". So G2 is not a leaf because it has tasks.
So G2: runtime: "FALLBACK(AT1, AT2)"? But then tasks are separate table. But instructions: "Every goal and tasks is related somehow and the goal model should look like a tree with linked goals and tasks." So we need to list relationships. For G2, we can say relation: AND? But then runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(AT1, AT2)"? But wait, instructions: "For each goal there must be a table with the following columns: Name, Title, Text, Runtime, Goal Type, Target Condition (if achieve) or Enquired Information (if query) and Relation." But then tasks have separate table.

Maybe we can denote runtime annotation for G2 as "FALLBACK(AT1, AT2)" if it's an OR decomposition? But in our case, both tasks must be executed sequentially? But wait, instructions: "Every Goal and Task must have an AND/OR decomposition." So for a goal that has tasks, we need to specify how the tasks are executed relative to each other. For G2, if tasks must be executed sequentially, we use ";" to denote sequential execution. But if they can be executed in parallel, we use "#" for parallel execution. Which one is more appropriate? For delivering food to table, the robot must first navigate to the room then deliver food. That seems sequential. So we can use ";" for sequential execution.

Thus, G2 runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(AT1, AT2)" if it's OR? But then if it's sequential, then it should be ";" not FALLBACK. Let's re-read the instructions: "For each goal there must be a table with the following columns: ... Runtime: [#] (parallel), [;] (sequential) or FALLBACK(...)." So for non-leaf nodes, we need to specify the runtime annotation that describes the execution structure over the goal's children. For G2, the children are tasks. And because the tasks must be executed in order (navigate then deliver), that is sequential. So runtime annotation: ";".

For G3, it's an OR decomposition over G3.1 and G3.2, so runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)".

For G3.1, tasks are sequential, so runtime annotation: ";".
For G3.2, tasks are sequential, so runtime annotation: ";".

For G4, it's an OR decomposition over G4.1 and G4.2, so runtime annotation: "FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)".
For G4.1, tasks are sequential, so runtime annotation: ";".
For G4.2, tasks are sequential, so runtime annotation: ";".

For leaf tasks, runtime annotation is "-".

Now, what about door opening? It's a task in G4.2. So that's a task: AT15: Open door if required, with location: inpatient room, number of robots: maybe 1 or [1,2] if cooperation is needed. But we can decide.

Now, let's assign unique IDs for tasks. Let's use sequential numbering for tasks in depth-first order. We already used AT1, AT2 for G2. Then for G3.1: AT3, AT4, AT5, AT6. Then G3.2: AT7, AT8, AT9, AT10. Then for G4.1: AT11, AT12. Then for G4.2: AT13, AT14, AT15, AT16.

We already used AT6 for G3.1 and AT10 for G3.2 for meal monitoring. But instructions: "Every goal or tasks is related somehow and the goal model should look like a tree with linked goals and tasks." So tasks are linked to the parent goal.

Now, what about the query goal? We haven't used a query goal yet. The description: "The information about if the inpatient, a companion visitor or nurse can be able to retrieve the food from the tray can be obtained based on the inpatient record according to information about the patient and the presence of a companion into the room. This information is subject to uncertainty." That sounds like a query goal: "G? Query if inpatient, companion, or nurse available for tray retrieval." But maybe we can incorporate that into G3.1 as a query subgoal: "G3.1.1: Check availability of inpatient/companion/nurse" as a query goal. But then it says: "The information is subject to uncertainty." So we can incorporate that as a query goal. Let's incorporate it:

Under G3 (Fetch Food from Tray), before executing the tasks, we need to query the inpatient record to check if the inpatient, companion, or nurse is available to retrieve food from the tray. So we can add a subgoal under G3: G3.0 maybe? But then numbering: G3 is already defined. But we can add a child goal to G3: G3.0: Query availability for tray retrieval (Query goal). It should have runtime annotation: "-" because it's a leaf goal? Actually, query goals are not operational but they retrieve information. But instructions: "Every goal and task must have an AND/OR decomposition." So even query goals must have a runtime annotation. For leaf nodes, use "-". So for G3.0, runtime annotation: "-".
And then relation: AND or OR? It should be executed before the rest. It can be sequential. But if it's a query, it might be executed before the fetch tasks. So we can add it as a child of G3. But then G3 now has three children: G3.0 (query), G3.1 (fetch with inpatient cooperation), and G3.2 (fetch with robot cooperation). But then runtime annotation for G3 should combine these three children. But instructions: "Every goal and task must have an AND/OR decomposition." So for G3, we need to decide if these three children are executed in parallel, sequentially, or fallback. They are likely sequential: first query, then choose one of the two alternatives based on the query result. So then runtime annotation for G3 could be: ";" (sequential) with G3.0 executed first, then fallback for G3.1 and G3.2. But then we have three children. We might represent it as: "FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)" and then add G3.0 before that sequentially. But instructions: "For each goal there must be a runtime annotation specifying the execution structure over the goal's children." We could represent it as: ";" (sequential) with three children: first G3.0, then FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2). But then the runtime annotation would be something like: "G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)". But instructions say "Parentheses are required when combining different operators to avoid ambiguity." So we can represent it as: "G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)". But then that is not strictly using the symbols given (#, ;, FALLBACK(...)). The instructions say: "GOAL_RUNTIME_ANNOT specifies the execution structure over the goal’s children. The operators are: a. Parallel execution: symbol '#' b. Sequential execution: symbol ';' c. Fallback: function-like notation FALLBACK(exp1,exp2)". So if we have sequential execution of two children, we use ";" between them. But if one of them is a fallback, we need to enclose it in parentheses maybe. The example given: "G4 -> G4.1, G4.2, G4.3, G4.4 [AND/OR][(parallel), (sequential) or FALLBACK(...)]". They want a similar structure. So for G3, we can say runtime annotation: "G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)". But then G3 is not a leaf, so that's acceptable.

Now, what about dish retrieval? We already have G4, with two children G4.1 and G4.2. But what about door opening? It's included in G4.2 as a task AT15.

Now, what about meal tracking and alerting? We already added tasks in G3.1 and G3.2: AT6 in G3.1 and AT10 in G3.2. But then the description "The robot should track when and where each meal was retrieved" and "alert if a wrong meal is retrieved" are tasks. So it's fine.

Now, what about the robot's ability to carry multiple meals? That is a capability, not a goal. So we don't need a separate goal for that.

Now, what about the uncertainty of information? That is handled by the query goal G3.0.

So our final goal tree is:

G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room (Perform)
   Runtime: FALLBACK(G2, G3) [OR decomposition]
   Children: G2 and G3.

G2: Deliver Food to Table (Perform)
   Runtime: ";" (sequential execution of tasks AT1 and AT2)
   Children: Tasks: AT1: Navigate to inpatient room, AT2: Deliver food to table using manipulation skill.

G3: Fetch Food from Tray (Perform)
   Runtime: "G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)" (First query, then fallback between two alternatives)
   Children:
      G3.0: Query Availability for Tray Retrieval (Query)
         Runtime: "-" (leaf)
         Enquired Information: Availability status of inpatient, companion, or nurse.
      G3.1: Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation (Perform)
         Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks: AT3, AT4, AT5, AT6)
         Children: Tasks: AT3: Navigate to inpatient room, AT4: Signal meal retrieval (indicate which meal), AT5: Retrieve meal from tray, AT6: Monitor meal retrieval (track time, location, alert if wrong meal).
      G3.2: Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation (Perform)
         Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks: AT7, AT8, AT9, AT10)
         Children: Tasks: AT7: Navigate to inpatient room, AT8: Coordinate with another robot for tray retrieval, AT9: Retrieve meal from tray, AT10: Monitor meal retrieval (track time, location, alert if wrong meal).

G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes (Perform)
   Runtime: "FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)" (OR decomposition)
   Children:
      G4.1: Retrieve Dishes Unassisted (Perform)
         Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks: AT11, AT12)
         Children: Tasks: AT11: Navigate to inpatient room, AT12: Pick up dirty dishes.
      G4.2: Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation (Perform)
         Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks: AT13, AT14, AT15, AT16)
         Children: Tasks: AT13: Navigate to inpatient room, AT14: Request assistance (robot or human), AT15: Open door if required, AT16: Pick up dirty dishes.

This covers all aspects.

Now, we need to output a table for each goal and a table for each task. We need to produce a summary table containing goals and tasks and logical relationships.

Let's produce a table for goals:

Columns: Name, Title, Text, Runtime, Goal Type, Target Condition (if achieve) or Enquired Information (if query) and Relation.

We need to produce a table with rows for each goal.

Goal G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room.
Name: G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room
Title: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room
Text: "Deliver food from the kitchen to an inpatient room in response to a delivery request."
Runtime: "FALLBACK(G2, G3)" (OR decomposition)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: OR (because it's an OR decomposition)

Goal G2: Deliver Food to Table.
Name: G2: Deliver Food to Table
Title: Deliver Food to Table
Text: "Deliver food to the inpatient room table using the robot's manipulation skills."
Runtime: ";" (sequential execution of tasks AT1 and AT2)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: AND (because tasks must be executed sequentially)

Goal G3: Fetch Food from Tray.
Name: G3: Fetch Food from Tray
Title: Fetch Food from Tray
Text: "Fetch food from the robot's tray with cooperation from an inpatient, companion, nurse, or another robot."
Runtime: "G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)" (first query, then fallback between alternatives)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: (It has children that are executed sequentially and fallback, so overall relation is a mix, but we can denote it as sequential fallback. But we need to choose one: maybe we denote it as sequential because it has a query first and then fallback alternative.)
We can denote Relation: AND (because the query must be done and then one alternative must be executed)

Goal G3.0: Query Availability for Tray Retrieval.
Name: G3.0: Query Availability for Tray Retrieval
Title: Query Availability for Tray Retrieval
Text: "Query the inpatient record to determine if the inpatient, companion, or nurse is available to retrieve food from the tray."
Runtime: "-" (leaf)
Goal Type: Query
Enquired Information: "Availability status of inpatient, companion, or nurse"
Relation: AND (it is a prerequisite)

Goal G3.1: Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation.
Name: G3.1: Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation
Title: Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation
Text: "Fetch food from the tray with the cooperation of the inpatient, ensuring the correct meal is indicated and retrieved."
Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks AT3, AT4, AT5, AT6)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: AND (tasks executed sequentially)

Goal G3.2: Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation.
Name: G3.2: Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation
Title: Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation
Text: "Fetch food from the tray by coordinating with another robot to assist in the retrieval process."
Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks AT7, AT8, AT9, AT10)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: AND (tasks executed sequentially)

Goal G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes.
Name: G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes
Title: Retrieve Dirty Dishes
Text: "Retrieve dirty dishes from the inpatient room, either unassisted or with assistance from another robot or a human."
Runtime: "FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)" (OR decomposition)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: OR (because either branch is acceptable)

Goal G4.1: Retrieve Dishes Unassisted.
Name: G4.1: Retrieve Dishes Unassisted
Title: Retrieve Dishes Unassisted
Text: "Retrieve dirty dishes from the room without external assistance."
Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks AT11, AT12)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: AND (tasks executed sequentially)

Goal G4.2: Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation.
Name: G4.2: Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation
Title: Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation
Text: "Retrieve dirty dishes from the room with assistance from another robot or a human, including door opening if required."
Runtime: ";" (sequential tasks AT13, AT14, AT15, AT16)
Goal Type: Perform
Relation: AND (tasks executed sequentially)

Now tasks table:

Columns: Name, Title, Text, Relation, Location, Number of Robots.

Task AT1: Navigate to Inpatient Room.
Name: AT1: Navigate to Inpatient Room
Title: Navigate to Inpatient Room
Text: "Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room."
Relation: AND (must be executed as part of G2)
Location: inpatient room (or hospital room)
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT2: Deliver Food to Table.
Name: AT2: Deliver Food to Table
Title: Deliver Food to Table
Text: "Place the food onto the inpatient room table using special manipulation skills."
Relation: AND (part of G2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT3: Navigate to Inpatient Room (for G3.1).
Name: AT3: Navigate to Inpatient Room (G3.1)
Title: Navigate to Inpatient Room
Text: "Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for tray retrieval."
Relation: AND (part of G3.1)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT4: Signal Meal Retrieval.
Name: AT4: Signal Meal Retrieval
Title: Signal Meal Retrieval
Text: "Indicate to the inpatient which meal to retrieve from the tray."
Relation: AND (part of G3.1)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT5: Retrieve Meal from Tray.
Name: AT5: Retrieve Meal from Tray
Title: Retrieve Meal from Tray
Text: "Retrieve the specified meal from the robot's tray."
Relation: AND (part of G3.1)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT6: Monitor Meal Retrieval.
Name: AT6: Monitor Meal Retrieval
Title: Monitor Meal Retrieval
Text: "Track the retrieval time and location, and alert if the wrong meal is retrieved."
Relation: AND (part of G3.1)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT7: Navigate to Inpatient Room (for G3.2).
Name: AT7: Navigate to Inpatient Room (G3.2)
Title: Navigate to Inpatient Room
Text: "Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for tray retrieval with robot cooperation."
Relation: AND (part of G3.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT8: Coordinate with Another Robot.
Name: AT8: Coordinate with Another Robot
Title: Coordinate with Another Robot
Text: "Coordinate with another robot to assist in retrieving the meal from the tray."
Relation: AND (part of G3.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 2 (assuming cooperation requires two robots)

Task AT9: Retrieve Meal from Tray (robot cooperation).
Name: AT9: Retrieve Meal from Tray (Robot Cooperation)
Title: Retrieve Meal from Tray (Robot Cooperation)
Text: "Retrieve the meal from the tray with the assistance of another robot."
Relation: AND (part of G3.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 2

Task AT10: Monitor Meal Retrieval (robot cooperation).
Name: AT10: Monitor Meal Retrieval (Robot Cooperation)
Title: Monitor Meal Retrieval
Text: "Track the retrieval time and location, and alert if the wrong meal is retrieved during robot cooperation."
Relation: AND (part of G3.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT11: Navigate to Inpatient Room (for G4.1).
Name: AT11: Navigate to Inpatient Room (Dish Retrieval Unassisted)
Title: Navigate to Inpatient Room
Text: "Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for dish retrieval unassisted."
Relation: AND (part of G4.1)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT12: Pick Up Dirty Dishes.
Name: AT12: Pick Up Dirty Dishes
Title: Pick Up Dirty Dishes
Text: "Pick up the dirty dishes from the inpatient room."
Relation: AND (part of G4.1)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT13: Navigate to Inpatient Room (for G4.2).
Name: AT13: Navigate to Inpatient Room (Dish Retrieval with Cooperation)
Title: Navigate to Inpatient Room
Text: "Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for dish retrieval with assistance."
Relation: AND (part of G4.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1

Task AT14: Request Assistance.
Name: AT14: Request Assistance
Title: Request Assistance
Text: "Request assistance from another robot or a human for dish retrieval."
Relation: AND (part of G4.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: variable? Let's say 1 or 2. But I'll put "1" for the robot initiating, but cooperation may require another entity.
I'll say "Number of Robots: 1" for the initiating robot, but note that assistance is external.
Maybe I'll put: "Number of Robots: 1" because the task is executed by the robot, but assistance comes externally.

Task AT15: Open Door if Required.
Name: AT15: Open Door if Required
Title: Open Door if Required
Text: "Open the inpatient room door if it is closed, possibly with human assistance."
Relation: AND (part of G4.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1 (or could be 1 or 2, but I'll put 1)

Task AT16: Pick Up Dirty Dishes (with Cooperation).
Name: AT16: Pick Up Dirty Dishes (with Cooperation)
Title: Pick Up Dirty Dishes
Text: "Pick up the dirty dishes from the inpatient room with assistance."
Relation: AND (part of G4.2)
Location: inpatient room
Number of Robots: 1 (initiating robot, but cooperation is external)

Now, summary table with logical relationships. The summary table should contain goals and tasks with logical relationships like:
G2 -> AT1, AT2 [AND] (sequential)
G3 -> G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2) [AND/OR] and then G3.0 -> (query) and G3.1 -> AT3, AT4, AT5, AT6 [AND] and G3.2 -> AT7, AT8, AT9, AT10 [AND].
G4 -> FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2) [OR] and then G4.1 -> AT11, AT12 [AND] and G4.2 -> AT13, AT14, AT15, AT16 [AND].
G1 -> FALLBACK(G2, G3) [OR].

I'll produce a summary table in text form.

I need to produce a final answer with a disclaimer at beginning and end for sensitive topics? Actually, instructions: "You must give a disclaimer at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above" for medical, legal, financial matters or political matters. But this is a mission design, not sensitive topics. But instructions say: "Provide a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above." Actually, check: "When replying topics above, you must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above." It says: "For sensitive topics like medical, legal, financial matters or political matters, you must give a disclaimer at the beginning and at the end." But this is not a sensitive topic. So maybe I don't need a disclaimer? However, instructions say: "You must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above at every message." Let me check the instructions: "4. Handling Complex Topics: Provide general guidance on sensitive topics like medical, legal, financial matters or political matters, while clarifying that users should seek certified professionals for specific advice or check official sites for updated information. You must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above at every message." But this is not one of those topics. But instructions say "at every message" for topics above? It says "at every message" for topics above? The instructions say: "You must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above at every message." But the content is not sensitive. The instructions might require a disclaimer if it's a sensitive topic. But it's not clearly sensitive. However, instructions say "at every message" for topics above. I'll check: "4. Handling Complex Topics" says "You must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above at every message." It might be a general guideline for all messages regarding sensitive topics. However, this is not medical, legal, financial, or political. So maybe no disclaimer is needed. But instructions say "at every message" for topics above? It says "at every message" for topics above "sensitive topics" but this is not one of them. I'll not include a disclaimer because it's not sensitive.

But instructions: "Follow these principles to ensure clarity, safety, and ethical standards in all interactions." So I'll not include a disclaimer because it's not required.

I'll produce the answer in Markdown formatting.

I'll produce two tables: one for goals, one for tasks, and then a summary table with logical relationships.

I'll produce the answer in Markdown.

I'll produce a final answer with a disclaimer at beginning and end? But instructions say "You must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above" but not sure if it's required for every answer or only sensitive topics. I'll check: "When replying topics above, you must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end when replying topics above at every message." It says: "when replying topics above, you must give a disclaimer both at the beginning and at the end." So I'll include a disclaimer at the beginning and at the end saying "Disclaimer: This is not professional advice" etc. But it's not a sensitive topic. But instructions say "for sensitive topics" but I'll include a generic disclaimer: "Disclaimer: The following is a generated mission model for multi-robot systems and should be reviewed by experts." And then at the end, "Disclaimer: This is not professional advice."

I'll produce the final answer in Markdown with tables.

I'll produce the answer as follows:

I'll start with a disclaimer: "Disclaimer: The following mission model is provided for illustrative purposes and does not constitute professional advice. Please consult with domain experts for implementation details." at beginning and at end.

I'll produce two tables:

Table: Goals
Columns: Name, Title, Text, Runtime, Goal Type, (if query: Enquired Information) or (if achieve: Target Condition), Relation.

I'll produce rows for each goal in order.

Then Table: Tasks
Columns: Name, Title, Text, Relation, Location, Number of Robots.

Then a summary table of logical relationships.

I'll produce the answer accordingly.

I'll produce final answer in Markdown formatting.

I'll produce final answer.Disclaimer: The following mission model is provided for illustrative purposes only and does not constitute professional advice. Please consult with domain experts before implementation.

Below is a hierarchical goal–task decomposition for the described multi‐robot food delivery and dish retrieval mission. In this model the high‐level goal (G1) branches into two alternative strategies for food delivery (table delivery vs. tray retrieval), and a separate goal (G4) handles dish retrieval. Note that within the tray retrieval branch a query goal (G3.0) is used to check the availability of human assistance before choosing between two cooperation alternatives. All runtime annotations follow the required syntax (using “;” for sequential execution, “#” for parallel execution, and FALLBACK(…) for OR decompositions). Leaf goals and tasks use the “-” sign.

──────────────────────────────
Goals Table
──────────────────────────────
| Name                | Title                             | Text                                                                                                                                               | Runtime                                         | Goal Type | Enquired Information (if Query) or Target Condition (if Achieve) | Relation |
|---------------------|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| G1: Deliver Food to Inpatient Room | Deliver Food to Inpatient Room | Deliver food from the kitchen to an inpatient room in response to a delivery request.                                                            | FALLBACK(G2, G3)                                 | Perform   | –                                                                   | OR       |
| G2: Deliver Food to Table         | Deliver Food to Table           | Deliver food to the inpatient room table using the robot’s special manipulation skills.                                                           | ;                                               | Perform   | –                                                                   | AND      |
| G3: Fetch Food from Tray          | Fetch Food from Tray            | Fetch food from the robot’s tray with cooperation from an inpatient, companion, nurse, or another robot.                                          | G3.0;FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)                         | Perform   | –                                                                   | (Sequential & OR) |
| G3.0: Query Availability for Tray Retrieval | Query Availability for Tray Retrieval | Query the inpatient record to determine if the inpatient, companion, or nurse is available to retrieve food from the tray.                      | -                                               | Query     | Availability status of inpatient, companion, or nurse               | AND      |
| G3.1: Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation | Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation | Fetch food from the tray with inpatient cooperation, ensuring the correct meal is indicated and retrieved.                                        | ;                                               | Perform   | –                                                                   | AND      |
| G3.2: Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation | Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation | Fetch food from the tray by coordinating with another robot to assist in retrieval.                                                             | ;                                               | Perform   | –                                                                   | AND      |
| G4: Retrieve Dirty Dishes         | Retrieve Dirty Dishes           | Retrieve dirty dishes from the inpatient room, either unassisted or with external assistance (robot or human).                                    | FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2)                             | Perform   | –                                                                   | OR       |
| G4.1: Retrieve Dishes Unassisted  | Retrieve Dishes Unassisted      | Retrieve dirty dishes from the room without external assistance.                                                                               | ;                                               | Perform   | –                                                                   | AND      |
| G4.2: Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation | Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation | Retrieve dirty dishes from the room with assistance from another robot or a human, including door opening if required.                         | ;                                               | Perform   | –                                                                   | AND      |

──────────────────────────────
Tasks Table
──────────────────────────────
| Name                                        | Title                           | Text                                                                                                          | Relation | Location             | Number of Robots |
|---------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------------|------------------|
| AT1: Navigate to Inpatient Room             | Navigate to Inpatient Room      | Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room.                                                           | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT2: Deliver Food to Table                  | Deliver Food to Table           | Place the food onto the inpatient room table using special manipulation skills.                              | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT3: Navigate to Inpatient Room (G3.1)       | Navigate to Inpatient Room      | Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for tray retrieval.                                           | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT4: Signal Meal Retrieval                  | Signal Meal Retrieval           | Indicate to the inpatient which meal to retrieve from the tray.                                              | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT5: Retrieve Meal from Tray                | Retrieve Meal from Tray         | Retrieve the specified meal from the robot’s tray.                                                           | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT6: Monitor Meal Retrieval                 | Monitor Meal Retrieval          | Track the retrieval time and location, and alert if the wrong meal is retrieved.                               | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT7: Navigate to Inpatient Room (G3.2)       | Navigate to Inpatient Room      | Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for tray retrieval with robot cooperation.                     | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT8: Coordinate with Another Robot          | Coordinate with Another Robot   | Coordinate with another robot to assist in retrieving the meal from the tray.                                 | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 2 (cooperation)  |
| AT9: Retrieve Meal from Tray (Robot Cooperation) | Retrieve Meal from Tray         | Retrieve the meal from the tray with the assistance of another robot.                                        | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 2 (cooperation)  |
| AT10: Monitor Meal Retrieval (Robot Cooperation) | Monitor Meal Retrieval          | Track the retrieval time and location, and alert if the wrong meal is retrieved during robot cooperation.       | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT11: Navigate to Inpatient Room (G4.1)     | Navigate to Inpatient Room      | Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for dish retrieval unassisted.                                | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT12: Pick Up Dirty Dishes                  | Pick Up Dirty Dishes            | Pick up the dirty dishes from the inpatient room.                                                           | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT13: Navigate to Inpatient Room (G4.2)     | Navigate to Inpatient Room      | Navigate from the kitchen to the inpatient room for dish retrieval with assistance.                           | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT14: Request Assistance                    | Request Assistance              | Request assistance from another robot or a human for dish retrieval.                                         | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT15: Open Door if Required                 | Open Door if Required           | Open the inpatient room door if it is closed, possibly with human assistance.                                 | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |
| AT16: Pick Up Dirty Dishes (with Cooperation)| Pick Up Dirty Dishes            | Pick up the dirty dishes from the inpatient room with assistance.                                           | AND      | Inpatient Room       | 1                |

──────────────────────────────
Summary of Logical Relationships
──────────────────────────────
• G1 → FALLBACK(G2, G3) [OR]  
  – G2 (Deliver Food to Table) is executed sequentially (AT1 then AT2).  
  – G3 (Fetch Food from Tray) is executed as: first perform the query (G3.0) then select one of the alternatives via fallback:  
    G3.0 → Query availability; then FALLBACK(G3.1, G3.2)  
     • G3.1 (Fetch from Tray with Inpatient Cooperation) sequentially executes AT3, AT4, AT5, AT6.  
     • G3.2 (Fetch from Tray with Robot Cooperation) sequentially executes AT7, AT8, AT9, AT10.  

• G4 → FALLBACK(G4.1, G4.2) [OR]  
  – G4.1 (Retrieve Dishes Unassisted) sequentially executes AT11 and AT12.  
  – G4.2 (Retrieve Dishes with Cooperation) sequentially executes AT13, AT14, AT15, and AT16.

This hierarchical model captures the mission’s essential decision points, required cooperation (both human and robot), and operational tasks while observing the prescribed AND/OR and sequential/fallback execution structures.

Disclaimer: This model is a conceptual design for multi‐robot systems and should be validated and adapted by qualified professionals before deployment.
